[SPEC] Expand spec with new discussions, processes (#99)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: site/src/_pages/docs/0_index.mdx

For the full technical details, read [the Block Protocol specification](https://blockprotocol.org/spec).

If you have any questions, [please open or contribute to a discussion](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/discussions). You can also [chat to us on Discord](https://blockprotocol.org/discord).

> ## HASH: a demo application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Demo applications
```

I think the original works better here - we don't want the BP spec to appear 'HASH-branded'.

Reviewer: Also suggest plural form rather than singular to imply openness to featuring others.

> We have published [the source code of our example embedding application, HASH](https://github.com/hashintel/hash).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the source code for one example embedding application, [HASH, on GitHub](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/packages/hash). If you support the Block Protocol in your open-source application, [contact us](https://blockprotocol.org/contact) to appear here.
```

Direct links to the `hash` package within the HASH public monorepo.

For the full technical details, read [the Block Protocol specification](https://blockprotocol.org/spec).

> If you have any questions, [please open or contribute to a discussion](https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/discussions).

Author: I have done so in the next iteration (incoming)
